README to DESCRIPTION, new README and CONTRIBUTING (#19)
G1ANT-Robot/G1ANT.Manual: README.md

### Prerequisites

Contributing to the documentation requires a GitHub account and some [Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/) knowledge.

### Conventions

Folders are treated as sections of the Manual: chapters, sub-chapters and so on. If a section needs an introductory page, e.g. with its contents description, a DESCRIPTION.md file containing such text should be placed in that section’s folder. For example, the opening page for Auxiliary Windows section in G1ANT.Robot Window chapter is in [this description file](../g1ant.robot-window/auxiliary-windows/DESCRIPTION.md) located in `auxiliary-windows` folder.

We use [headers](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/#examples) in Markdown files to allow navigation in the final Manual structure.

All media objects (pictures, videos and so on) should be placed in [-assets](../-assets/) folder, and links to them in .md files should be relative, for example `../-assets/picture.jpg`.

> Folders and files with the “-” prefix are skipped by our sync tool, which gathers together Markdown files from Manual, Tutorials and Addons repositories and creates content to be displayed on G1ANT.Manual website.

Author: ```suggestion
Folders and files with the “-” prefix are skipped by our sync tool, which gathers together Markdown files from Manual, [Tutorials](https://github.com/G1ANT-Robot/G1ANT.Tutorials) and [Addon](https://github.com/G1ANT-Robot/G1ANT.Addon) repositories and creates content to be displayed on [G1ANT.Manual website](https://manual.g1ant.com).
```

All media objects (pictures, videos and so on) should be placed in [-assets](../-assets/) folder, and links to them in .md files should be relative, for example `../-assets/picture.jpg`.

> Folder and files with the “-” prefix are skipped by our sync tool, which gathers together Markdown files from Manual, Tutorials and Addons repositories and creates content to be displayed on G1ANT.Manual website.

Reviewer: Folder**s** and files

Author: ```suggestion
Folders and files with the “-” prefix are skipped by our sync tool, which gathers together Markdown files from Manual, Tutorials and Addons repositories and creates content to be displayed on G1ANT.Manual website.
```
